## Things to Consider
In general after looking at the logs I have for myself. [Night 1](https://classic.warcraftlogs.com/reports/bnL63RPVGjZ7CqaH) and [Night 2](https://classic.warcraftlogs.com/reports/H1Rmdj2Ggz8AqQBc) I've noticed several improvements to make. 

### Observations
1. I showed a lack of preparation for the fights and need to do more research on them. 
2. I need to tighten up my rotation and use Chain Lightning more when there is anything worth cleaving off of. 
3. My Flame Elemental needs to be doing more damage.  
4. Enchants and gear choices have had several misses. 

### Actions
1. I'm going to review the fights Kifd posted to get a better understanding of all fights. 
2. Getting a new WA and taking some time on the dummy to clean this up.
3. I need to switch from a partial enhancement to a partial resto tree for Totemic Focus. This will increase the amount of time FE is up and give me more damage overall as well as better survivability thanks to the other talents taken. Loosing Ghost Wolf should be ok since we have LB while moving. I will also take the glyph to reduce FE (removing LB) for Nef, Sinestra, and (possibily) Al'Akir.
4. Adjusted these and started to get mats banked for future enchants as needed.

## Detailed Changes 
1. Updated Gear - Moved off of new trinket, [heart of ignasius](https://www.wowhead.com/cata/item=65110/heart-of-ignacious) as it is simming bad and from what I've read is not as effective as most other blue trinkets. Will try using Sorrowsong on fights with adds as it looks like the procs are pretty good.
2. Updated Talents - Made spec withe extended FE (Will be using this as default)
3. Added Additional Macro for CL to make sure I'm using cds when spamming. 
4. Added Missing Enchantment on Weapon (yikes), updated shield enchant to int.
5. Added new rotation WA to help make it easier to execute while keeping track of mechanics. (This WA though I tested it on dummies ended up failing me during raid. Went back to other WA.)
6. Add a red arrow to my current target in order to make sure I'm targeting the highest health add at all times for CL.

## Fight Specific
### BWD

#### Magmaw

[Some Russian](https://classic.warcraftlogs.com/reports/wjDvmNaY7X4PFr8t#fight=13&type=damage-done&source=16&translate=true) vs [Ramity](https://classic.warcraftlogs.com/reports/bnL63RPVGjZ7CqaH#fight=2&type=damage-done&source=2)

1. I need to Chain Lightning more and make sure I cleave off the boss.
2. Watch movement, make sure you don't get hit by pillar. 

#### Omnotron Defense System
- Do want Chain Lightning Glyph on this boss.
- Watch for Poison bombs and adds to kill

### BOT

#### Sinestra

1. Switch to CL spam as soon as whelps come out (if we are good from a strat perspective). Don't kill the adds until Kifd says though.
2. CL while moving to back with the adds.
3. Use Sorrowsong trinket for this fight.

### TotFW
### Conclave of Wind
Seems like due to our Fire Elemental (FE) getting eaten by the flower adds, Elemental shamans will never parse on this fight if they aren't on Rohash and are on Anshal instead. Adding item to LookInot list to confirm.

Besides that there isn't a lot to change here, compare me against those that are similar in ilevel and we will see similar results. 

On June 9th when I looked at the logs of those in the 349 - 351 i level range DPS came in with the top ten in the 16,700 to 19,549 range vs my 14,764. Definately I could do better with my rotation but no major concerns imo.

[Stevetwo](https://classic.warcraftlogs.com/reports/wH817Zg2rfXFnt9J#fight=15&type=damage-done&source=8) vs [Ramity](https://classic.warcraftlogs.com/reports/bnL63RPVGjZ7CqaH#fight=40&source=2&type=damage-done)
