## Things to Consider
My parses are better(Still not good) since I now have better gear however my parse by bracket shows there is still a lot of room for improvement. I'm targeting to hit an average in the 80s for my best parses ASAP.

### Observations
I had a few avoidable deaths, these should be deep dived:

1. [Maloriak](https://classic.warcraftlogs.com/reports/NR7y1rYbz62p3GWQ#source=1&type=deaths&fight=12&death=1)
1. [Theralion and Valiona](https://classic.warcraftlogs.com/reports/NR7y1rYbz62p3GWQ#source=1&type=deaths&fight=28)
1. [Ascendant Council](https://classic.warcraftlogs.com/reports/NR7y1rYbz62p3GWQ#source=1&type=deaths&fight=32) (Maybe?) 
1. [Sinestra](https://classic.warcraftlogs.com/reports/NR7y1rYbz62p3GWQ#source=1&type=deaths&fight=39) - Slicer on one of our wipes, big contribution to the raid wiping.


### Actions 

1. For Maloriak, I need to be aware of Absolute Zero. Just being near me this thing can kill me but it may spawn on me. I'm adjusting my UI to make this more obvious. 
1. For Theralion and Valiona Use your eyeballs to see where the flames are coming. In this case I moved but didn't boot because I thought I would make it.... Next time just boot. 
1. For Ascendant Council I used my lock rock, my stoneclaw totem, not my gift but that was probably on cd. Not much I could have done about this death, just needed more heals or to kill him faster.  
1. Sinestra - I died to a slicer on this fight. I need to better position and keep aware during this fight since as soon as I get complacent I get a bad slicer spawn.

### Specific Fights

#### Nelfarion
1. Doesn't seam to matter when you do FE, either way he will die. 
2. Time your EM/Potion with when you get the buff from Nef.
3. Get Lucky



